Statistics, Finance, Numerical analysis, ....

= GeoStatistics =
* Krige.jl:: [https://github.com/njwilson23/Krige.jl Kriging estimators] in Julia.

= JuliaQuant =
* [https://github.com/JuliaQuant Julia Quant] group.
* Quandl.jl :: [https://github.com/milktrader/Quandl.jl  Julia api to Quandl open source financial, economic and social datasets].
* Lazy.jl :: [https://github.com/one-more-minute/Lazy.jl  Functional programming] for Julia.
* Ito.jl :: An open source [https://github.com/aviks/Ito.jl toolkit for financial computing] in Julia.
* TradeModels.jl :: [https://github.com/JuliaQuant/TradeModels.jl Modeling the allocation of resources to markets based on the restraints of objective functions].
* MarketTechnicals.jl :: [https://github.com/JuliaQuant/MarketTechnicals.jl Technical analysis of financial time series] in Julia.
* FinancialBlotter.jl :: [https://github.com/JuliaQuant/FinancialBlotter.jl Financial Instruments and Accounting] in Julia.
* GLM.jl :: [https://github.com/JuliaStats/GLM.jl Linear models (LM's) and generalized linear models (GLM's)] in Julia.
* [https://github.com/malmaud/Pandas.jl Pandas.jl :: A Julia front-end to Python's Pandas package].

= Statistics =
* StatsBase.jl:: is the [https://github.com/JuliaStats/StatsBase.jl Stats meta-package for basic statistics functions] for Julia.
* The [http://juliastats.github.io/Distributions.jl/index.html Distributions] package.
* The [http://juliastats.github.io/DataFrames.jl/io.html DataFrames manual section on IO]
* DataArrays.jl:: This package [https://github.com/JuliaStats/DataArrays.jl extends Julia by introducing data structures that can contain missing data].
* [https://github.com/lindahua/DiscreteInference.jl Viterbi algorithm]
* [https://github.com/johnmyleswhite/SmoothingKernels.jl Smoothing kernels for use in kernel regression and kernel density estimation].
* MCMC.jl:: is a [https://github.com/JuliaStats/MCMC.jl generic engine for implementing Bayesian statistical models using Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods]. 
* MixedModels.jl:: [https://github.com/dmbates/MixedModels.jl  A Julia package for fitting (statistical) mixed-effects models].
* Rmath.jl:: [https://github.com/dmbates/Rmath.jl  Archive of functions that emulate R's d-p-q-r functions for probability distributions].
* RDatasets.jl:: Julia package for [https://github.com/johnmyleswhite/RDatasets.jl loading many of the data sets] available in R.
* TimeSeries.jl:: [https://github.com/JuliaStats/TimeSeries.jl Time-series toolkit] for Julia.
* TimeModels.jl:: [https://github.com/JuliaStats/TimeModels.jl Modeling time series] in Julia.
* TimeData.jl:: [https://github.com/cgroll/TimeData.jl package provides fast, robust and convenient representation of time series data].
* Civecm.jl:: [https://github.com/andreasnoackjensen/Civecm.jl  Cointegration in Vector Error Correction Models] in Julia.


== Operations Research ==
* [http://iaindunning.com/2013/combination-locks.html Solving a Combination Lock Puzzle with JuMP + Julia] and the [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6425160 HackerNews thread].

