Database, IO....

= IO interfaces =
* [https://github.com/karbarcca/NetCDF.jl  NetCDF support for a high-level and a medium-level interface for writing and reading netcdf files], for the Julia programming language.


= IO libraries for Data/File formats =
* DF :: [https://github.com/johnmyleswhite/DataFramesIO.jl Advanced import/export tools for DataFrames: Stata, SPSS, Excel, JSON].
* DWARF :: Julia Package for parsing the [https://github.com/loladiro/DWARF.jl DWARF file format].
* HDF :: [https://github.com/timholy/HDF5.jl HDF5.jl]
* JSON :: [https://github.com/JuliaLang/JSON.jl JSON parsing and printing].
* MachO :: [https://github.com/loladiro/MachO.jl An implementation of the MachO file format].
* XML :: [https://github.com/ihnorton/LibXML.jl XML parsing] in Julia.
* Shapefile.jl :: [https://github.com/loladiro/Shapefile.jl Parsing .shp files] in Julia.



= Database =
* DBI.jl:: is an [https://github.com/johnmyleswhite/DBI.jl abstract DBI interface] to provide a database-independent API protocol that all database drivers can be expected to comply with.

=== MySQL ===
* [https://github.com/johnmyleswhite/MySQL.jl MySQL DBI driver] that uses the C MySQL API and obeys the DBI.jl protocol.

=== SQLite ===
* Julia interface to the [https://github.com/karbarcca/SQLite.jl SQLite library] and support for operations on DataFrames.
 
=== MongoDB ===
* [https://github.com/Lytol/Mongo.jl Mongo bindings] for the Julia programming language.

=== Redis ===
* [https://github.com/msainz/Redis.jl Pure Julia implementation of a Redis client], largely based on redis-py.

=== ODBC ===
* ODBC.jl :: [https://github.com/karbarcca/ODBC.jl A low-level ODBC interface] for the Julia programming language.


