Graphics, Plots and other Visualization libraries and packages. Also includes blog links narrating user experiences and howto's.

== API ==
* [https://plot.ly/api/julia/ Plotly Julia API] in an [http://nbviewer.ipython.org/7105191 IJulia notebook]


== Graphics == 
* Images.jl:: [https://github.com/timholy/Images.jl An image library] for Julia.
* ImageView.jl:: An [https://github.com/timholy/ImageView.jl interactive display of images and movies].
* Compose.jl:: [https://github.com/dcjones/Compose.jl Declarative vector graphics].
* ImageTerm.jl :: https://github.com/meggart/ImageTerm.jl Julia functions to plot colorful maps] in the terminal.


== Plotting ==
* Gaston
* [https://github.com/johnmyleswhite/ASCIIPlots.jl ASCIIPlots.jl]
* [https://github.com/dcjones/Gadfly.jl Gadfly.jl]
  ** Rendering to an [https://github.com/dcjones/Gadfly.jl#using-the-d3-backend SVG file using the D3 browser interface]
* [https://github.com/stevengj/PyPlot.jl PyPlot.jl: Plotting for Julia based on matplotlib, pyplot]
* Winston.jl:: [https://github.com/nolta/Winston.jl 2D plotting] for Julia.


==== Documentation ====
* [https://github.com/john9631/JuliaDocs Gadfly Reference Cards]


== Visualization ==
* Cairo.jl: [https://github.com/JuliaLang/Cairo.jl Bindings for the Cairo graphics library]
* [https://github.com/JuliaLang/Color.jl Color.jl]: adds colour to your plots and graphs.
* ECharts.jl:: [https://github.com/wlbksy/ECharts.jl  A julia package for ECharts (https://github.com/ecomfe/echarts)].
* GL.jl:: [https://github.com/jayschwa/GL.jl Experimental OpenGL bindings] for Julia.
* Jeff Bezanson's [http://nbviewer.ipython.org/url/beowulf.csail.mit.edu/18.337/black%20body%20radiation.ipynb Colorimetry in an iJulia notebook]
* Interactive [https://github.com/GlenHertz/ProfileView.jl SVG flame graphs] for analyzing profiling to ProfileView. An HTML preview of the [http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.github.com/GlenHertz/ProfileView.jl/master/readme_images/profile.svg SVG example]
* The interactive [http://johnmyleswhite.com/typetree/tree.html D3 visualization] of a Julia type tree and the [https://github.com/johnmyleswhite/TypeTree.jl source code for TypeTree].
* [https://github.com/natj/matplot A MATLAB-like interface to Winston].
* VTK.jl:: [https://github.com/ihnorton/VTK.jl VTK bindings] for the Julia language.

==== HowTo's Blogs ====
Read other Julia users experiences with plotting
* Sven Mesecke on [http://sveme.org/installing-julia-for-data-visualization-stuff.html data visualization with Julia] and his [http://sveme.org/julia-for-matlab-users-i.html notes for Matlab users].


