Benchmarks/ Optimization, Quality-Analysis(QA), CI, Test-Driven-Development (TDD), Behaviour-Driven-Development (BDD), anything "Quality" related goes here:


== Benchmarks ==
* [http://speed.julialang.org Microbenchmark timings are on speed.julialang.org]
    ** [http://speed.julialang.org/timeline/ Timeline]
* [https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/blob/master/test/perf/kernel/raytracer.jl Raytracer in the Julia kernel]
* More [https://github.com/jakebolewski/rays Raytracers].


== Build Automation ==
* [https://github.com/simonster/MatlabCluster.jl Julia cluster manager for Matlab Job Scheduler]
* [https://github.com/loladiro/OpenStack.jl OpenStack.jl]
* [https://github.com/BenLauwens/SimJulia.jl SimJulia.jl ], a process-oriented simulation library written in Julia.


== CI ==
* Merge your Julia code with mainline to test it on a [https://travis-ci.org/JuliaLang/ Travis-CI] build server.


== Logging= 
* Lumberjack.jl:: A [https://github.com/forio/Lumberjack.jl logging library] for Julia, by Westley Hennigh.


== Optimization == 
* [http://juliaopt.org/ JuliaOpt] is an umbrella group for Julia-based optimization-related projects.
* [https://github.com/Staross/JuliaCMAES CMA-ES port] - a mix of the original minimal matlab implementation (purecmaes.m) and the full one (cmaes.m).
* [https://github.com/robertfeldt/BlackBoxOptim.jl BlackBoxOptim.jl] is a (experimental, work-in-progress) global optimization framework for Julia, supporting both multi- and single-objective optimization problems, focused on (meta-)heuristic/stochastic algorithms (DE, PSO, CMA-ES etc).


== Packaging ==
* A [https://gist.github.com/IainNZ/6086173 Julep for package requirements and quality standards]
* The [https://github.com/IainNZ/PackageEvaluator.jl Julia package evaluator] and the [http://iaindunning.com/PackageEval/ results]


== Profiling ==
Profile your code
* Use [http://docs.julialang.org/en/latest/stdlib/profile/ IProfile] in Base to profile your code.


== Sandbox == 
* [https://github.com/amitmurthy/JDock An IJulia sandboxed by Docker containers].


== UnitTest ==
* Fixtures.jl :: provides [https://github.com/burrowsa/Fixtures.jl fixtures, mocks, matchers and patching to improve your tests] with Julia.
