Astronomy, Biology, Physics, Chemistry, .....

= ASTRONOMY =
* Astrodynamics.jl:: [https://github.com/helgee/Astrodynamics.jl An astrodynamics library] in Julia.
* Cosmology.jl :: [https://github.com/nolta/Cosmology.jl Cosmology calculator] for Julia.
* JPLEphemeris.jl :: [https://github.com/helgee/JPLEphemeris.jl The JPL Development Ephemerides] are the results of simulations of the Solar System used for spacecraft navigation and astronomical purposes.



= BIOLOGY ==
Bioinformatics, Biotech, Genetics, ....

* Bio-Julia group: [https://github.com/biojulia/biojulia https://github.com/biojulia/biojulia]
* BioSeq.jl :: Julia's package for working on [https://github.com/diegozea/BioSeq.jl Bioinformatics with DNA, RNA and Protein Sequences].
* Circuitscape.jl:: A [https://github.com/tanmaykm/Circuitscape.jl Julia implementation] of the [http://www.circuitscape.org/ Circuitscape] lib in Python, that uses electronic circuit theory to solve problems in landscape ecology.
* GaussDCA.jl :: [https://github.com/carlobaldassi/GaussDCA.jl  Multivariate Gaussian Direct Coupling Analysis for residue contact prediction in protein families].
* GeneticAlgorithms.jl:: is a [https://github.com/forio/GeneticAlgorithms.jl lightweight framework that simplifies the process of creating genetic algorithms] and running them in parallel.
* FastaIO.jl:: [https://github.com/carlobaldassi/FastaIO.jl Utilities to read/write FASTA format files] in Julia.
* Phylogenetics.jl:: The Julia package for [https://github.com/Ward9250/Phylogenetics.jl  analysis of evolution and phylogeny].


= PHYSICS =
* [https://github.com/kofron/Codata.jl Codata.jl]
* [https://github.com/ggggggggg/Physical.jl Physical.jl]


= CHEMISTRY =
* ChemicalKinetics.jl :: [https://github.com/scidom/ChemicalKinetics.jl Simulation, Bayesian inference and Bayesian model selection for chemical kinetics] in Julia.
* Synchrony.jl:: [https://github.com/simonster/Synchrony.jl Coherence/phase-locking statistics] in Julia.


